People always talking about the data
plane and the control plane, and
in this lesson we will look at the control
plane in the wireless wire line
telephony network, how it was leveraged to
build mobility in the cellular networks.
As you may recall, we talked about SS7,
signaling system 7,
in the previous module,
computer telephony integration.
We will see in this lesson how the same
fabric is now used to build mobility.
And Prepaid cellular was
a significant factor
in the growth of cellular
in developing countries.
Well, SS7 comes to play here, too, and
you could leverage the same fabric very
easily to build pre-paid services,
post-pay services, billing.